Questions for Practice: Intro to Functions (#45)
Ada-Developers-Academy/core-unit-1: intro-to-functions/practice-intro-to-functions.md

<!-- Question 6 -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: multiple-choice
* id: owr3gL
* title: Intro to Functions
##### !question

Given this code...

```python
def maintain_plant(plant):
    if needs_water(plant):
        water(plant)
    if needs_sunlight(plant):
        new_location = find_available_sunny_spot(plant)
        relocate(plant, new_location)
    sing_to_plant(plant, "A Mellow Mood for Maidenhair")
    return plant
```

In specifically the line `def maintain_plant(plant):`, identify this piece of syntax: `maintain_plant`

##### !end-question
##### !options

* Keyword
* Function name
* Argument
* Parameter

##### !end-options
##### !answer

* Function name

##### !end-answer
### !end-challenge
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

<!-- Question 7 -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: multiple-choice
* id: 9cU7Dg
* title: Intro to Functions
##### !question

Given this code...

```python
def maintain_plant(plant):
    if needs_water(plant):
        water(plant)
    if needs_sunlight(plant):
        new_location = find_available_sunny_spot(plant)
        relocate(plant, new_location)
    sing_to_plant(plant, "A Mellow Mood for Maidenhair")

>     return plant

Reviewer: Maybe add a note that the code block is being reproduced from above for convenience?

##### !question

Using your own words, define what "getting a return value from a function" means.

##### !end-question
##### !placeholder

Getting a return value from a function means...

##### !end-placeholder
##### !answer

/.*/

##### !end-answer
##### !explanation

An example description: Getting a return value from a function means receiving whatever that function returns. After we get a return value from a function call, we usually assign it to a variable. When we invoke a function, and it evaluates into one value, using that one value is "getting its return value." We can say that "getting a return value" is getting "output" from the function.

##### !end-explanation
### !end-challenge
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Syntax Reordering

<!-- Question 14 -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: ordering
* id: nFr02Z
* title: Intro to Functions
##### !question

Of the lines of code below, re-order them to its ideal order. Assume that each line would be indented correctly.

##### !end-question
##### !answer

1. `def sing_im_a_little_teapot():`
1. `line_1 = "I'm a little teapot"`
1. `line_2 = "Short and stout"`
1. `line_3 = "Here is my handle"`

> 1. `line_4 = "Here is my spout"`

Author: Text is added above per your suggestion

I personally don't see a learning difference between using `line_1` and `lines.append` besides that `.append` is cooler? I think that the `line_1 =` pattern isn't necessarily beautiful, but this whole question is unrealistic and the point isn't for realistic code. I think that if we need more implicit clues about the order of code, and there isn't a clear benefit for `lines.append` (besides exposure), I want to go with momentum (aka no change)?

> 1. `line_4 = "Here is my spout"`

Reviewer: My only thought was that it creates an entirely unambiguous order for the solution.  Absolutely agree that a change is unnecessary.

1. `entire_song = f"{line_1}, {line_2}. {line_3}, {line_4}!"`
1. `return entire_song`

##### !end-answer
##### !explanation

This is the ideal construction of this function:

```python
def sing_im_a_little_teapot():
    line_1 = "I'm a little teapot"
    line_2 = "Short and stout"
    line_3 = "Here is my handle"
    line_4 = "Here is my spout"
    entire_song = f"{line_1}, {line_2}. {line_3}, {line_4}!"
    return entire_song
```

> Technically, we could re-orer the assignments of `line_1`, `line_2`, `line_3`, and `line_4` to any combination we want. However, it's ideal to have them ordered because of readability and coherence to all programmers. :)

Author: ```suggestion
Technically, we could order the assignments of `line_1`, `line_2`, `line_3`, and `line_4` any way we want. However, we should prefer putting them into an order that minimizes potential confusion for other programmers who read it.
```

Just taking your first paragraph; not because I disagree with the second paragraph or don't think it's worth teaching, but for the sake of making practice worksheets a slim slippery smooth worksheet that only teaches the bare minimum of new content and coding style (such as the Unicode thing above. We could've definitely added more content, but we only added enough so they could get through the question)

I'd like to separate worksheets from teaching code style. In practice worksheets, right now my current teaching belief is that students should freely use these to write really messy code if they'd like, and that's what they got in order to get through it. They'll get better and pick up code style stuff like this from talking to others, reading more code (including the sample answers we give them), sharing code, etc etc etc

> Technically, we could re-orer the assignments of `line_1`, `line_2`, `line_3`, and `line_4` to any combination we want. However, it's ideal to have them ordered because of readability and coherence to all programmers. :)

Author: Sure I could also say that the second paragraph is less of a code style thing but /shrug. Just not the energy I want to pull into these worksheets.

> Technically, we could re-orer the assignments of `line_1`, `line_2`, `line_3`, and `line_4` to any combination we want. However, it's ideal to have them ordered because of readability and coherence to all programmers. :)

Reviewer: It's true that minimizing the surprise for other developers is the most salient and useful take away. Arguably, the second paragraph detracts from that.

##### !answer

* Determines the special based on today's season and day of the week

##### !end-answer
### !end-challenge
<!-- prettier-ignore-end -->

### Debugging Functions

<!-- Question 16 -->
<!-- prettier-ignore-start -->
### !challenge
* type: multiple-choice
* id: Rxvbnm
* title: Intro to Functions
##### !question

Assuming that `get_season()` and `get_day_of_week()` are valid functions, given this code...

```python
def get_daily_special(todays_date):
special = ""

    current_season = get_season(todays_date)

    if current_season == "Spring":
        special = "Eggplants"
    elif current_season == "Summer":
        special = "Blueberres"
    elif current_season == "Fall":
        special = "Sweet Potatoes"
    else:
        special = "Oranges"

    day_of_week = get_day_of_week(todays_date)

    if day_of_week == "Saturday" or day_of_week == "Sunday":
        special = f"Weekend {special}"

    return special
```

There is a syntax or runtime error in this code. What is the cause of this error?

##### !end-question
##### !options

* Logical Error
* Incorrect parameters
* Incorrect Indentation
* Missing colon
* Missing parentheses
* Reads a variable that has no value

> * Mispelling

Author: WHAAAAAAAAAAAAAT

TOTALLY HILARIOUS IRONY, AND LEGITIMATELY JUST DID SOME LEARNIN'.............. LOOOOOL

##### !end-options
##### !answer

* Incorrect Indentation

##### !end-answer
##### !hint

> If there are typos within a string literal, it may be wrong spelling, but it will not cause a syntax or runtime error.

Author: i have very weirdly personal reasons to fight for this middle clause LOL, let me know if you want me to defend it in words (otherwise i'll defend it in inaction LOL)

> If there are typos within a string literal, it may be wrong spelling, but it will not cause a syntax or runtime error.

Reviewer: Well now I'm curious...
